Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to see how to add a new line.
So as toe have two sentences written in two separate lines.
So let's say we want to write these two sentences year Jack loves pizza,
and Joe loves chocolate.
Who want to write these in two separate lines,
maybe inside a message box or in any other application in V B A.
So we're gonna have message box.
Jack loves pizza.
And then and then we're gonna put an M percent a space and then an M person and the species
really important.
And then vb new line and then a space and then an m percent.
And then Joe loves chocolate.
Okay,
so this way we will have these two sentences written in two separate lines.
So if you run the code here we have Jack close pizza and then in a new line.
Joe loves chocolate,
and it's very important to put a space between the different elements here.
So if you don't put a space and you click away,
you can see her that you get an error.
Okay,
so you need to make sure that you put a space between the VB new line and the M percent and
the second statement,
The statement is gonna go on the second line here and the same goes for the statement on
the first line as well.
On the VB,
new line is a constant and it is used to separate elements in different lines and you can
also use V B c R.
LF,
and this stands for visual basic courage,
return line feed.
And this is a bit of an older statement.
So this is the new modern one vb new line and I personally prefer this one because it's
easier to remember its name is intuitive.
It's easy to remember.
So this is how you can put different statements in separate lines in xlv b A.
And you can use this in any xlv.
Be application where you need to deal with strings.
Basically.
Okay,
so thanks for watching.
I'll see on the next one